Deploy Appwrite on DigitalOcean (#622)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/deployment/digitalocean.md

![install appwrite server](digitalocean-tutorial/11_install.png)

After it's all done you gonna see something like this :

![input dialog of appwrite docker installation](digitalocean-tutorial/12_input.png)

Exit your terminal and go to your browser and type your droplet ip address that you can get in your DigitalOcean project homepage before, it usually take 1 minute or less to start your server you will see this in your browser if you successfully run your server :

![exit terminal after installation done](digitalocean-tutorial/13_exit.png)

To get started, sign up with your email address and password :

![sign up](digitalocean-tutorial/14_signup.png)

After that create a project :

![create project](digitalocean-tutorial/15_create.png)

After that if you go to this screen you are successfully deploying your Appwrite server into DigitalOcean :

![finish deploying](digitalocean-tutorial/16_finish.png)

# Conclusion

Now that you have your Appwrite server deployed, you have many options for the type of application you want to build and the technologies you want to use to create a richer experience.

> Good luck on your future development using Appwrite! If you need any help, feel free to join the [Discord](https://Appwrite.io/discord) or refer to the [Appwrite Documentation](https://Appwrite.io/docs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good luck on your future development using Appwrite! If you need any help, feel free to join the [Discord](https://appwrite.io/discord) or refer to the [Appwrite Documentation](https://appwrite.io/docs). 
```

# How to deploy appwrite into DigitalOcean

## Prequisites

- OS 
- Terminal 

## Getting started

First of all you should get a DigitalOcean account, if you already got an account let's continue to setup our appwrite server.

## Step 1 - Create a Droplet

> What is a Droplet? DigitalOcean Droplet are Linux-based virtual machines (VMs) that run on top of virtualized hardware. Each Droplet you create is a new server you can use, either standalone or as part of a larger, cloud-based infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is a Droplet? DigitalOcean Droplets are Linux-based virtual machines (VMs) that run on top of virtualized hardware. Each Droplet is a server that you can use, either standalone or as part of a larger, cloud-based infrastructure.
```

>  This droplet then can be used to run our appwrite server

Reviewer: Random space at the beginning of the line here

Author: fixed in 10396a29017fdce59f2247fc567994df4608c0c4

> # How to deploy appwrite into digitalocean

Author: ok fix all digitalocean in commit 4e7b38d88db3337b8b40319c52a06667b2c1d3b2

## Prequisites

- OS 

> - terminal 

Author: fixed in c311243ddc01a9a70b6711907b35383a9d77ed4a

> - terminal 

Reviewer: Only this terminal should start with a capitalized letter, not all of them.

> - terminal 

Author: fixed in 10396a29017fdce59f2247fc567994df4608c0c4

## Getting started

> First of all you should get a digitalocean account you can use my referral link [here](https://m.do.co/c/35524e9707b0), to get an account, you will

Reviewer 2: This is probably less appropriate inside the open-source version.

> First of all you should get a digitalocean account you can use my referral link [here](https://m.do.co/c/35524e9707b0), to get an account, you will

Reviewer: We had an internal discussion about that referral link, please remove it.

> First of all you should get a digitalocean account you can use my referral link [here](https://m.do.co/c/35524e9707b0), to get an account, you will

Reviewer 2: @spiritbro1 once the review process is completed your'e more than welcome to republish the tutorial on any medium with any referral code you wish, just exclude it from the repo.

> First of all you should get a digitalocean account you can use my referral link [here](https://m.do.co/c/35524e9707b0), to get an account, you will

Author: referral link are deleted and shorten the sentence in 87c9ee03ea03d7847b02c3727c0380b118f86ce1

> automatically get $100 to spend in digitalocean, don't forget to have $5 with you in credit card or paypal to make 

Reviewer 2: Yes, not sure this is the correct phrasing. Maybe just have a statement about having some credits in your account to be able to set up a server. Don't think SPAM got anything todo with it.

> automatically get $100 to spend in digitalocean, don't forget to have $5 with you in credit card or paypal to make 

Author: fixed in 87c9ee03ea03d7847b02c3727c0380b118f86ce1

a pre-payment which is a first payment to help prevent spam by digitalocean, if you already got an account skip this step.

## Step 1 - Create a droplet

> What is a droplet? so droplet is like a server that we can use to run the appwrite server so in order to do that we should create one

Author: fixed in 87c9ee03ea03d7847b02c3727c0380b118f86ce1

follow the step below

After you create an account or login you will get a project in the homepage like this:

![image](https://imgur.com/download/ZQ2FUjX)

> my project name is panda you can change the name of your project to whatever you want it doesn't matter

Author: fix in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

the most important thing right now is you can see in the middle of your screen there is a button that say "Get started with a droplet"
like this :

![image](https://imgur.com/download/f9DsKAw)

> click that button and you will go to a new page like this:

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

![image](https://imgur.com/download/XVRkq8C)

The minimum requirements to run Appwrite is as little as 1 CPU core and 2GB of RAM, and an operating system that supports Docker.
 We will use the default one using ubuntu 20.04 and RAM 2GB

 ![image](https://imgur.com/download/4bqbGYg)
 

>  scroll down into password section you can choose either using ssh keys or password we gonna use ssh keys because it's much more secure:

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

![image](https://imgur.com/download/IpDbMmJ)

> click "new ssh key" and then you will get this window:

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

![image](https://imgur.com/download/cUNWz5w)

> there is a detailed explanation on how to make ssh key on the right hand side of the window follow that instruction and then copy paste

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

your ssh public key into the box

![image](https://imgur.com/download/qbMltoP)

> copy paste the ssh key you get from before like this:

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

![image](https://imgur.com/download/Mpl0SfK)

> give it a name and click add SSH key now you're done set up your ssh keys scroll down until you see button "Create Droplet" like below:

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

```bash
sudo apt-get remove docker docker-engine docker.io containerd runc
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install \
    apt-transport-https \
    ca-certificates \
    curl \
    gnupg-agent \
    software-properties-common
curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
sudo apt-key fingerprint 0EBFCD88
sudo add-apt-repository \
   "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
   $(lsb_release -cs) \
   stable"
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install docker-ce docker-ce-cli containerd.io
sudo groupadd docker
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
newgrp docker 
```
after we install docker we now install docker-compose:

```bash
sudo curl -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.27.4/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
```

after that we install appwrite server

```bash
docker run -it --rm \
    --volume /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    --volume "$(pwd)"/appwrite:/install/appwrite:rw \
    -e version=0.6.2 \
    appwrite/install
```
![image](https://imgur.com/download/l7R5FZf)

> input this according to your need for this tutorial we gonna go with the default

Reviewer: Capitalization, punctuation and you are using `:` at some places for images, and some places don't have them. Please be consistent.

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

![image](https://imgur.com/download/ecCZ1O5)

> after its all done exit your terminal and go to your browser and type your droplet ip address it usually take 1 minute or 

Reviewer: Capitalization and punctuation

less to start your server you will see this in your browser if you successfully run your server

![image](https://imgur.com/download/OTKn3p8)

> to get started sign up with your email address and password

Reviewer: Capitalization and you are using `:` at some places for images, and some places don't have them. Please be consistent.

![image](https://imgur.com//download/Wva5tOi)

> after that create a project

Reviewer: Capitalization and you are using `:` at some places for images, and some places don't have them. Please be consistent.

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

> ![image](https://imgur.com/download/6LKlQoP)

Reviewer: Maybe edit "image" into a text so people with screen readers can also see what is on the image, also host the images inside the appwrite repository. Make sure that you have a consistent size for all images. I advise you to read through the last two points of Eldad in #546:
* Include only images with specific size (1200x800px) in PNG format
* Include all images in the same directory as your markdown file For example: my-new-appwrite-tutorials/image-1.png

> after that if you go to this screen you are successfully deploying your appwrite server into digitalocean

Reviewer: Capitalization, punctuation and you are using `:` at some places for images, and some places don't have them. Please be consistent.

Author: fixed in cd1f4765b2a92be9c979ec8f3b51de2399068d79

> ![image](https://imgur.com/download/gaoBGGg)

Reviewer: Maybe edit "image" into a text so people with screen readers can also see what is on the image, also host the images inside the appwrite repository. Make sure that you have a consistent size for all images. I advise you to read through the last two points of Eldad in #546:
* Include only images with specific size (1200x800px) in PNG format
* Include all images in the same directory as your markdown file For example: my-new-appwrite-tutorials/image-1.png

# What's next?

> Congratulations! You've just deploy appwrite into digitalocean.

Reviewer: This lines does not sound that good, please rewrite it.

Author: fixed in 030cff5e747675c7829fb3267f77eba4d4d720cd

> Good Luck on your future developments using Appwrite! If you need any help feel free to join the [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/ZFwqr3S) or refer to the [Appwrite Documentation](https://appwrite.io/docs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good luck on your future development using Appwrite! If you need any help, feel free to join the [Discord](https://appwrite.io/discord) or refer to the [Appwrite Documentation](https://appwrite.io/docs). 
```
